packages/pancake-sass/README.md, before:

@gov.au/breadcrumbs
============

> Breadcrumbs help users understand where they are in the service and how they got there.


## Content

* [Install](#install)
* [Dependency graph](#dependency-graph)
* [Build](#build)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Release History](#release-history)
* [License](#license)


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Install


```shell
yarn add @gov.au/breadcrumbs
```

```shell
npm install @gov.au/breadcrumbs --save-dev
```


**[⬆ back to top](#content)**


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Dependency graph

```shell
breadcrumbs
├─ core
└─ link-list
   ├─ core
   └─ body
      └─ core
```


**[⬆ back to top](#content)**


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Build


**[⬆ back to top](#content)**


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Tests

The visual test: http://uikit.apps.staging.digital.gov.au/packages/breadcrumbs/tests/site/


**[⬆ back to top](#content)**


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Release History

* v0.1.0 - 💥 Initial version


**[⬆ back to top](#content)**


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## License

Copyright (c) Commonwealth of Australia.
Licensed under [MIT](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/govau/uikit/packages/core/master/LICENSE).


**[⬆ back to top](#content)**

# };

Commit message:

(#15) added tests for each plugin, added empty docs :)
Signed-off-by: Dominik Wilkowski <Hi@Dominik-Wilkowski.com>

packages/pancake-sass/README.md, after:

Pancake SASS PLUGIN
===================

> This is a [Pancake](https://github.com/govau/pancake) plugin to handle sass files.


## Content

* [Install](#install)
* [Build](#build)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Release History](#release-history)
* [License](#license)


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Install


```shell
yarn add @gov.au/pancake
```

```shell
npm install @gov.au/pancake --save-dev
```


**[⬆ back to top](#content)**


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Build

To run the pancake build make sure you go to the monorepo this package came from and clone the source from there: https://github.com/govau/pancake


**[⬆ back to top](#content)**


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Tests

To run the tests make sure you go to the monorepo this package came from and clone the source from there: https://github.com/govau/pancake


**[⬆ back to top](#content)**


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Release History

* v1.0.0 - 💥 Initial version


**[⬆ back to top](#content)**


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## License

Copyright (c) Commonwealth of Australia.
Licensed under [MIT](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/govau/uikit/packages/core/master/LICENSE).


**[⬆ back to top](#content)**

# };
